---
title: "E-commerce Dashboard"
description: "Develop a responsive and user-friendly admin dashboard for managing the ecommerce website."
tags:
  - Vue.Js
  - Nuxt.Js
  - Pinia
  - Laravel API
  - PrimeVue
live_url: "https://ecommerce-admin-hnzn-ompaqgqky-abdulbasetbappys-projects.vercel.app/"
source_url: "https://github.com/abdulbasetbappy/Ecommerce-Admin"
image: "/content/projects/E-commerce-Dashboard.png"
icon: "fluent-emoji:chart-increasing"
---

## Project Overview
- **Client:** CoderOrbit
- **Website:** [Coderorbit.com](https://coderorbit.com/)
- **Project Type:** Admin Panel Dashboard for Ecommerce Website
- **Frontend Technology:** Vue.js or Nuxt.
- **State Management:** Pinia
- **Backend API:** Laravel
- **Database:** MySQL

## Objectives
- Develop a responsive and user-friendly admin dashboard for managing the ecommerce website.
- Integrate the admin panel with the provided API services to perform CRUD operations on ecommerce data.
- Ensure seamless data synchronization between the frontend dashboard and the backend API.

## Features
- **User Authentication:** Secure login and role-based access control.
- **Dashboard Overview:** Display key metrics such as sales, revenue, user activity, and inventory status.
- **Product Management:** 
  - Create, edit, delete, and list products.
  - Upload and manage product images.
  - Categorize products.
- **Order Management:**
  - View, update, and manage customer orders.
  - Order status tracking.
- **Customer Management:**
  - Manage customer profiles and information.
  - View purchase history.
- **Inventory Management:**
  - Track inventory levels.
  - Receive low-stock alerts.
- **Web Settings:**
  - Create, updated, delete Slide.
  - Coupon System.
  - Feedback Functionlities.
- **Reporting and Analytics:** Generate sales reports, inventory reports, and customer insights.

## Technical Requirements
- **API Integration:** Utilize the Laravel API provided by CoderOrbit for all data operations.
- **Database:** Ensure compatibility with MySQL database schema.
- **State Management:** Implement state management using Pinia.
- **UI Components:** Use PrimeVue for building interactive and responsive UI components.
- **File Handling:** Implement file uploads for product images and other relevant assets.

## Deliverables
- Fully functional Vue.js & Nuxt.js admin panel dashboard integrated with the Laravel API.
- Documentation for codebase and API integration.
- Deployment and testing support.
- Post-deployment maintenance and bug fixing for 3 months.
